[Music]
hey guys my name is Sarah D she runs a
peach if you're new around here today
I'm talking about why you need a website
or why you might want a website I'm
bringing you through every single step I
took to make Sarah deechi calm now this
is a part two of the first video that I
made why you don't need a website hmm
so definitely make sure to watch both to
see if it's even like do you even need
one I didn't post a video last week am I
just being lazy or the Lighting's
perfect angle actually so if you guys
want a little bit more insight of what I
did this week it all comes down honestly
this site and a creative slump that I
didn't progress with new with ooh give e
me we covered all the grounds we got all
of it now you can find out why where
Sarah is then John what do you hate
about me so many things just like we
cover a lot of topics it's a it was
really fun
Sarah is a great interviewer and she's
back on YouTube what's up she's here
well yeah it seems like a so why do you
need a website I always say that if
you're a content creator of any kind of
designer photographer video creator
what-have-you the most important thing
is just to create stuff and there's
already so many good places to share and
get instant feedback Instagram Twitter
YouTube so many places but when it gets
to the point that you have a lot of
things going on I think a website can be
super valuable as a central hub for all
of your things this video is not
sponsored by anyone but a small
disclaimer I had a recent series how do
podcast showed behind the scenes in my
podcast that was sponsored by
Squarespace and I love their platform
and that is what I am doing my website
with so hopefully I'll be able to offer
some insight on how to do that and maybe
some things that I have done with my
website will spark some ideas for years
if you want 10% off on Squarespace you
can check out my previous how to podcast
video for that cope I want to keep this
brand free because I want to talk about
the multiple places that you can build a
website so Squarespace Wix and WordPress
I would say are the best if you do not
want to code if you are super code savvy
a lot of developers love to build
websites on top of WordPress but you
don't want to do any code at all
Squarespace and Wix if you are design
focus I would say one Behance if you
already put your work on that platform
they actually have a free website option
which is fantastic and then my friend
Tobias actually has a site called sim
place that is a super clean and easy way
to make a website specifically for
designers to showcase your work and it's
only a one-time fee instead of a monthly
fee so now I'm gonna give you a website
tour just like someone would give you an
apartment tour walk your website and
show show you what I did okay let's go
through my website I am using Johns Road
USB mic hopefully the audio sounds good
because it is a hot New York City day
and I am keeping the air conditioning on
hopefully this audio is okay do you guys
like my new laptop sticker this is Peggy
from Mad Men this website took me an
entire week to make I know that sounds
crazy but I'm not a designer I'm not a
web designer luckily I had a lot of
design assets to rely on like certain
colors that is me as an Internet person
shout-out to my friend Alex Castro he
did my last brand Athan that's where I
kind of like rebrand my internet person
every year I was able to use a lot of
assets from that to inspire this look
but I will say two out of the seven days
doing this website was spent just
can't other people's stuff for
inspiration I'm a video creator right so
I wanted a video to be the first thing
that you see now there is an image that
falls back if you have slow internet but
hopefully no matter what device are on
you're gonna see this video of me
interviewing cool people interacting
with youtubers you see some New York
City in there and just fun fun Ness like
hello worlds I'm creative and fun and
cool subscribe
Sara DJ rhymes with peachy is a youtuber
and content creator based in New York
City so a lot of the text on this
website I just pulled from other BIOS
that people are written for me or I just
wrote it myself so I think the actual
words can be better and the sentences
can be better structured mom can you
look through this and send me any
grammar updates that you have or
structuring of sentences I see my
website as a place for two people number
one you are a new fan you want to learn
more about me and more of my story
number two you are a brand that's stoked
on my stuff and you want to see how we
can partner and make dope stuff together
so that's why right off the bat you know
Sara has partnered with brands like
Intel ATT visa Squarespace blah blah and
in the creative exchange that links to
my podcast page last thing to note about
this homepage as Squarespace works on
blocks right so you have certain ways to
organize text and pictures in these
little blocks and then you designate
colors and certain properties that apply
to everything I wanted at different
colors because having a tall peach is
kind of boring to me so that took
several hours so many hours just to
figure out how to add custom CSS to make
that a thing now you developers out
there who are watching you're probably
cringing right now as you're seeing the
process I was going through you know I
was using the inspector and I was
changing there so the changes were being
applied to my page
oh fudge yes once I exit it out and
saved everything then it wouldn't be
safe does they want to added the
custom.css to the designated place on
Squarespace I would add the code but it
wouldn't change on my website but doing
both did solve that so by no means am ia
developer or a coder yes I went to
school for computer science but in one
ear and out the other okay moving on
YouTube so if we click that it brings us
to three different pages now number one
is the brand work so here you can see
all of the stuff that I've done where
I've collaborated with brands and
they've allowed me to make some really
really cool stuff my favorite part about
this page is some of them will just link
straight to the YouTube video but a lot
of times there are instagrams and tweets
and so much more associated with that
project so if you click on one of these
projects it will actually bring you to
another page where it breaks down
everything that I have done so if you
click that it'll bring you to my skills
share class and boom there we go there
is how to vlog doing this for the
projects that I'm super stoked and proud
on definitely took a minute because
every Instagram every tweet that you see
if you click on it it actually takes you
to the actual Instagram where you can
see the engagement on my feed
moving on to docu-series so this is
actually a place that I want to house my
docu-series it's pretty self-explanatory
but this is a page that I definitely
want to expand and do more with to show
off all these cool projects that I have
going on click on this and it'll bring
you to the episode in the playlist so
you could go and watch the other
creative spaces TV episodes new starts
here I have been on the internet for a
minute so if you're a new fan this is a
page that really just breaks down Who I
am and what I've been up to and video
format I hate reading really long about
pages but hey this is a place where I've
made a lot of videos about who I am kind
of shows my journey my first really tech
video travel video
a wedding video that I've done create a
space TV good vlog blah so yeah I'm
stoked on this page the podcast page so
if you don't know by now you probably do
I have a podcast called the creative
exchange right now there is only one
episode just because I want to feel it
out maybe you guys can share your
opinion on how this looks they came to
how I wanted to display my podcast on my
website I was really inspired by dak
Shepards armchair expert I'm pretty sure
he uses a Squarespace as well but I kind
of took the format as a blog showing my
different podcast episodes there's only
one up right now if you have opinions on
it and you have some ideas you can leave
some comments down below but this first
picture Gary Vaynerchuk my first podcast
guests if you click on the picture and
it has that listen on Apple podcast tag
it'll take you directly to it on Apple
podcast here is a really cool thing that
is offered by simple cast that's what I
use to distribute my podcast it is a
player an embedded player that you can
go click on listen to as a web player so
it's a super clean experience and
there's a lot of different tools that
you can use a new feature that simple
cast has is you can actually recast
snippets of the audio to your friends on
Twitter and stuff and I'll talk about
that later it's super cool tool that you
guys can use but yeah it just looks
super clean right so if you don't like
the interface of iTunes for a desktop
podcast listening experience you just go
to Sarah DG comm slash podcast and
listen it's the most recent podcast when
I have all the episodes up on my website
soon so yeah I gonna have the show notes
and hopefully some pictures that enhance
the experience and behind the scenes
that you can find here moving on to
projects this is kind of the folder
where I just threw out all the other
stuff that I do in to hustle and why it
is a quarterly networking party I throw
with my friend Chris Hall and so I just
put some pictures up in here as a
slideshow to kind of show off the
experience a little bit of
what it's about and then I wrote about
it pshoo Mara is my merch that drops
semi quarterly who knows but to stay and
touch the newsletter and follow me on
Instagram is the best way to stay in
touch so yeah this just links to my
peachy merch website
we got the newsletter this is going to
be better soon but right now it's just
the newsletter block and then the blog
so I basically reposted my medium blog
post onto my blog website if I start
blogging more it's so weird to say it
with a beat blogging instead of vlogging
I will post here and also medium Dugger
page so this was full-on do I want to
say inspired or just full-on copied from
Craig Adams he has a very simplistic
minimalistic website where his home page
is just the gear so if you want to know
what gear I'm shooting with I'm going to
keep this updated this is the stuff that
I use on a weekly basis and then for the
project based stuff you can check out my
kit page which is linked above and then
we got that classic contact page
Squarespace has a lot of cool social
blocks so here I just put my Instagram
and Twitter so this is gonna change as I
Instagram and tweet it's gonna stay
updated with your most recent content
that's pretty much it I know it doesn't
look like a lot but there were a ton of
pages that I had to make for the branded
content page since it branches out to
its own page for almost every single
little picture that you saw I've done
around 24 podcasts I think and so that
means I'm gonna have to add 24 separate
blog posts to this podcast page which
will be a journey another journey but
I'm just so glad that I came to a
stopping point of a website that I'm
actually proud of let me know if you
guys approve of it you you like how it
looks
feel free to add some constructive
criticism down in the comments below but
just understand that I'm very fragile
right now in terms of this website I
spend
a lot of time on it so please be nice if
you have any questions for me let me
know in the comments down below
hopefully sharing the screen recordings
of me actually building it helped with
some context and practical ways to do
these things and Squarespace so yeah
whoa we did it I did it I did it it's
very hard for a person it's not a
freaking designer but yay high five high
five let me know if you like this video
hit that subscribe button down below for
new videos every single week if you're
new around here I try to post at least
two videos a week and if you want to
learn why I had a weird week last week
and didn't post any videos what I'm so
sorry you can check out the most recent
creative exchange podcast with my dude
John Hill things get real things get
super real okay guys until next time
stay PG okay
[Music]